they were hoping if you spin the chamber
enough times you're gonna catch a moment
[Music]
this is you know this is an extraction
so who the pliers
let me guess drug lord in India versus
biggest drug lord in Bangladesh
submitting huh
it's a kidnapping drug lords son clocks
running at 16 hours proof of life is a
six hours ago
[Music]
you want to survive you do exactly as I
say who are you move last fella
citizen
the job is Tyler Kyra do you follow
money kid is a walking corpse and
there's no way to protect them
you have a family there are some entire
city is again the best thing you could
do for that kid would be the bullying is
back because in a chopper and get your
own let you go to leave the kid behind
are you gonna leave me in the street
[Music]
all of my best artists in cafe
kid you trust me no good
are you always discreet
who knows the rescue people
sometimes
sometimes to do other things
[Music]